ladies and gentlemen welcome to Sam
Roberts bristling podcast
introducing your host from New York here
is Sam rubbers
and they give a promotion I have house
of hardcore and I think part of that is
because people are loyal to you because
they recognize what you gave to the
business and I don't think you would
have a loyal fan base today had you gone
to WCW correct a lot of those it that's
why um not to dwell on the past but Paul
Heyman gave me everything and he that is
Who I am and you know it's funny like
they're talking about sting and Triple H
the guys went down with the ship 14
years ago so yeah throw me in a threeway
in that day let's take that to a you are
I mean you are they got your the ECW
sting like they said it made me it made
me who I am and you know even when I
went to Debbie Debbie and I didn't get
the big big push it was always that's W
doing it to him as opposed to you know
his actual talent or in-ring ability so
it's it's all good
it's it's who you are and I have no
regrets whatsoever when you went to w
first of all over the six months like in
between like when you're unemployed
because you're like I spent out seven
years you said yeah of okay and there's
always that light at the end of the
tunnel and when you realize not I was
closed and there are you there is nose
or money the worst time my life I was
suicidal I wasn't the best shape of my
life though I when I went to David every
you watch I was 232 pounds I could have
maybe even went shirtless a rare Tommy
Dreamer experience back to the
suspenders no I would go that far I was
in the best shape of my life and just
because I'm unemployed I'm basically I'd
workout I was depressed I was trying to
keep my mind going mm-hmm you know I
would hear from Paul sporadically and
you know but w/e reached out to me
junior in particular and just said hey
just hang in there kid and I remember as
soon as it was one of my I work to India
and I didn't get paid and I was driving
home and you know I was just like man I
wanted to kill Paul and then jr. just
called me out of nowhere as a hey times
Jim Ross just where we're still you know
we got your mind just hang in there kid
and I was like wow did he just know I
got stiffed on a payday yeah
stuff like that so I mean that was cool
and yeah that's a big deal just to be
like you know I don't have anything for
you but people are aware that you at
least exist and uh thank God the WCW
invasion failed and then mean you know
we got the call and me and Rob Van Dam
were there to hop the guardrail shock
the business one more time right he took
that whole thing back over for at least
we had a day I had a whole day of fun
and we went to Smackdown the next day
and I caught the Undertaker when he
overshot the whole pile and me and out
of Shaker became friends cuz I just I
didn't really know him uh-huh I looked
right at him I said I'll be the last guy
therefore and he overshot the whole pile
and I just threw him on top of me and
then so we became friends from that he a
meet like he recognized that immediately
I was like that's a stand-up dude yeah
well when you're diving on people and
you want to make sure you catch them in
wrestling I see it more now than in ECW
man it was a code you catch a guy from
Rob Van Dam to Sabu I pride myself on
being a guy who was there for ya and
that's actually a taller task you know
for those of us have never done anything
close to that because you look at Sabu
he's flying all over the ring you got to
find him you got to make sure you're
under him especially when guys are
flipping yeah uh Van Damme most people
don't realize how incredibly thick he is
mhm and then he is coming at you in that
ass hits you he was probably to 20 to 25
huh Rob is the thick dude and I mean
it's in your head would hit the
guardrail
but I know my friend or the guy I'm
working with didn't get killed because I
mean guys get hurt right I like to call
it uh alligator arms because now guys
will be like yeah I'll catch up catch in
their arms supposedly dentinal son they
become alligators and they get the
little hands right is that cuz people
get scared at the last minute I got the
uh yeah hmm that's why I'm not a big
diver
I always knew if I had a Bubba d-von I
like dive on piles of people like
Gregory even when I went back to doe
debris in the Slammys I worked three MB
there's three of them I said guys you
don't really have to catch me but just
let me just stop my fault right and you
know they were there for me yeah and I
mean again it's that you said be how the
business was if a guy was diving they
would catch it because
that's what you supposed to do right you
should protect the person you're working
with